# CS5500_Project

## Outline of Functional Requirements by Use Case

## Use Case 1: User account management

### UF-1: User Account Management

Users shall be able to register accounts to access the platform, and shall be able to log in or out
of their accounts simply and securely. Vendors can request to register their store on the platform,
and Admins shall be able to deny or approve any Vendor registration requests. Customers shall also
be able to deactivate their account.

## Use Case 2: Vendor account activation

### UF-3: Admin Vendor Activation

Admins shall verify and approve Vendor registration requests. Admins shall be able to view all
pending Vendor registration requests in real time.

### UF-4: Admin Account Moderation

Admins shall be able to deactivate any Vendor account that violates platform expectations for any
reason, such as fraud.

## Use Case 3: Vendor store management

### UF-5: Vendor Profile Management

Vendors shall be able to modify their profile page to reflect updates to their store, their
marketing, and brand content.

### UF-6: Vendor Promotion Management

Vendors shall be able to create new promotions to offer on the platform and manage them in real
time.

### UF-7: Admin Promotion Moderation

Admins shall be able to deactivate any Promotions that violate platform expectations for any reason,
such as fraud.

## Use Case 4: Browsing

### UF-8: Promotion Browsing Process

Customers shall be able to search for promotions on the platform using search criteria like
keywords, category, and location. Customers shall be able to conveniently view the latest, most
popular, and trending promotions that match their search criteria.

### UF-9: Vendor Profile Views

Vendor profiles shall display Vendor store information and their active promotions. While browsing
promotions, Customers shall be able to access Vendor profiles to learn more about the Vendor and to
view other promotions they offer.

### UF-10: Customer Cart Management

Customers shall be able to add or remove promotions using a virtual shopping cart standard to
e-commerce platforms. Expired or deactivated promotions shall be automatically removed from all
Customer carts.

## Use Case 5: Checkout and order processing

### UF-11: Checkout

Customers shall be able to purchase promotions using a secure payment method selected at checkout.
Transactions on the platform shall be simple and secure for Customer satisfaction.

## Use Case 6: Purchase Redemption

### UF-12: Customer Order History

Customers shall be able to view their order history information for all purchased promotions.
Customers shall be able to view their order confirmations for each purchased promotion.

### UF-13: Customer and Vendor Purchase Redemption

Customers shall be able to redeem one of their purchases with a Vendor by providing their order
verification code. Vendors shall be responsible for confirming the verification code to complete the
order. This process gives assurance to Customers that their purchases can be redeemed and assures
Vendors that each purchase is redeemed only once.

## Use Case 7: Analytics Dashboard

### UF-14: Vendor Sales Dashboard

Vendors shall be able to view the sales history of each active or expired promotion through a
dashboard interface to make it easy to analyze sales performance over time. The dashboard shall
support data visualization through charts and tables for Vendors to easily analyze their sales.

## Use Case 8: Admin Platform Dashboard

### UF-15: Admin Dashboard

Admins shall be able to view the sales history for all Vendors, including all expired promotions.
Admins shall be able to view the order history of all Customers, including deleted accounts. Admins
shall be able to export all data from the platform for archival.

